{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14000\viewh14560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A Web App (index.php file) based on HTML, CSS, JS, PHP, and CSV, that allows human editors to create simple surveys to send to users to respond. The app should be able to read the structure of the survey from a simple CSV file called "survey.csv" pre-created by the human editor. The CVS has the following columns: TYPE (Title [of the survey], Description [text], Question, Answer, Separator [Horizontal Rule] and Submit [Button]); CONTENT (editor custom text for title, description, questions, and Submit Button; or predefined answer options such as Text [input], Text [box], Two-Option(s) [Yes, or No], Three Four, Five and Seven-Option Scale (numbers ranging from the MIN to the MAX values set in the CSV columns, eg. from 1 to 7, or from -2 to +2)]; REQUIRED (Yes or No options indicating a required answer from the user), NO ANSWER (Yes or no Options that will add an extra option in the scale or answer from the user indicating its non-applicable or the users does not want to anwser); BEFORE (Text label to present before the scale options of the answer), AFTER (Text label to present after the scale options of the answer), MIN (minimum value for the scale options of the answer. May be a positive or a negative integer); MAX (maximum value for the scale options of the answer. May be a positive or a negative integer, and the system will present the according regular intervals corresponding to the set interval scale of the Answer CONTENT column.) You can access a sample CSV structure here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSEckij53fV4h_6TojMuD9MYqErxttsnYOQV0VpsjGW_QNjUf0HmEZakw53n5ytAaX5EtfzakfwPvjJ/pubhtml?gid=0&single=true. The App must parse this CSV and create an <H1> from the Title. A <P> from the descriptions. An <H2> from the Answers. An <HR> from the Separator. And a submit Button from the <Submit> . When the user clicks submit, the App must create a new "data.csv" file in the app folder structure, and save the answers provided by the user.  Or, if the file already exists, it must open the "data.csv" and add a new line with the users' answers. The line saved must include a first column with the date in the YYYY-MM-DD format, and a second column with time in the HH-MM-SS format. The rest of the columns must correspond to all of the the columns of the "survey.csv" file in the corresponding order. If it's "static" data, such as the Title, Description, Question, and Separator, the App must repeat its Content in the "data.csv" file. If it's user-generated data (in the answers), the app must include the value selected or inputted in the checkboxes, radio buttons, or text inputs). The App should use a "flat file" system, with no data base. The design should be kept to a minimum CSS using default sans serif text, with a base 1em font size and a minimal text hierarchy scale for sizes. And black and blue color scheme. The design must be responsive using a mobile first, progressive enhancement approach. It should mainly use a one breakpoint design for mobile with 100% width for the elements (using the main or the body container as the parent) with a maximum of 960px wide design. When options such as scales are presented, the design must employ a flexbox division of the space, with each number of the scale interval (including the optional "NO ANSWER" typed "N.A." for short) using an equivalent, but minimal fractional width interval for each one. The Label before must align to the right. And the label After must align to the left, and both labels must use the rest of the space equally distributed. Each answer should be preceded by the question (line before) and should be presented in a continuous horizontal element or line, allowing to see all the options horizontally on the screen (you may decrease the font size accordingly to fit a fraction of the available viewport width if necessary). Also, create a "results.php" file, where you present a compilation of all the data from the "data.csv" file. The structure must follow the survey title, description and questions, but with each question being followed by th number of answers, and a normalized (100% width ) horizontal stacked line with the total and partial results ofr each option.  I don't need user login or passwords as the survey editor will deploy each survey in its own folder directly by FTP on the server. If you need, ask me any questions before proceeding to gather all the necessary requirements. But if you have all you need, please proceed with the app creation.}