{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18000\viewh14560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 1.\
Open this spreadsheet:
\f1\b0 \
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11epl-yMuaxPmfkqNq7-KeOXJgs2HVW6aFJfJ9IDZTRM/edit?usp=sharing\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2.\
Duplicate the file and edit your Survey content:
\f1\b0 \
Don\'92t change the Line 1 (Column/Data Headers)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Edit each line from line 2 and below.\
The Title is used to display the survey Title. It\'92s rendered as an H1 tag\
Description is used to provide additional information (about the previous section or question). It\'92s rendered as a P tag.\
The Separator is used just to present a horizontal rule visual separator. It\'92s rendered as an HR tag.\
Question is used to display the text of a question. It\'92s rendered as an H2 tag.\
Answer is used to present an option to the user. It may be a simpre (short) text input, a two to seven options radio buttons. Use the before and after columns to display the range / options for each. And the min and max values to calculate the range of the values. You may use positive or negative integer values \
The Submit button will present a button with the corresponding text\
The Confirm is used to display a final confirmation message.\
\

\f0\b 3.\
Download the spreadsheet as a .CSV file and place it in this folder\

\f1\b0  
\f0\b \
4.\
Delete the data.csv file (if it exists). Or, preferably, open it and delete all entries.\
\
5.\
Change the name of the folder\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 6.\
Upload the folder to your server\
\
7.\
CHMOD the data.csv file for it only to be executable by the php\
\
8. \
You may want to remove or CHMOD the results.php (for data-privacy reasons)\

\f1\b0 To see the results, upload or navigate to results.php\
}